questions.push(new Question(
			"What was your favorite subject back in college?",
			"Math", "Physical Education", "Chemistry", "Lunch Time",
			"Glad you asked that! It's totally, guess what. Math!",
			"Glad you asked that! It's totally, guess what. Physical Education!",
			"Glad you asked that! It's totally, guess what. Chemistry!",
			"Glad you asked that! It's totally, guess what. Lunch Time!",
			"School? Bummer. I came out here to relax and we talk about school."
			));
questions.push(new Question(
			"What's your favorite rock band?",
			"The Killers", "All Time Low", "Guns n' Roses", "Foo Fighters",
			"The Killers just kill me. <3",
			"When I'm listening to All Time Low, I'm on an all time high.",
			"It's definitely Guns n' Roses",
			"Foo Fighters are my heroes.",
			"I'm not into rock bands. They freak me out."
			));

constructor: Question(theQuestion, choice1, choice2, choice3, choice4, positive1, positive2, positive3, positive4, negative response).

For stage2, the player will ask the question, and "the one" will respond positively or negatively depending on his/her random personality. "The one" will be either turned on or off by the question.

The answer will be randomized as well, which is why the questions need to have 4 positive responses which incorporate the answers in them (1st will correspond to positive response for choice1, etc). Only one negative response is needed because it is a response to the question.

Please create questions that could give the character a conflicting personality. Everything is randomized, no fancy algorithm is used to avoid contradicting answers to different questions.
For example, the above question already exists, so don't create a new one like: "I hate school. It's just totally useless, isn't it?", and then the negative response would be "What? School is important!". If these two questions were used, then "the one" would have a contradicting personality.

And please don't create gender specific questions. Like "What do you look for in a boy?". 
But if you can find a way to generalize this so the question, responses, and answers are applicable to BOTH
boty and girl, then go ahead.

Lastly, please make sure positive responses are really positive, and the players won't misinterpret them as being a negative response. There are questions in code that have positive responses that sometimes sound like negative ones. Do not follow them. Those questions were made out of desperation. :)) 
 